SimplyAgree R Package
================

[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.com/arcaldwell49/SimplyAgree.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/arcaldwell49/SimplyAgree)

[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/arcaldwell49/SimplyAgree/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/arcaldwell49/SimplyAgree?branch=master)

**This Package is still in development and unit tests have not been
created yet. USE WITH CAUTION**

This is a R package for calculating absolute agreement and estimating
the required sample size for a study attempting to estimate absolute
agreement.

## Installing SimplyAgree

You can install the most up-to-date version of `SimplyAgree` from
[GitHub](https://github.com/arcaldwell49/SimplyAgree) with:

``` r
devtools::install_github("arcaldwell49/SimplyAgree")
```

## References

The functions in this package are largely based on the following works:

Lin L (1989). A concordance correlation coefficient to evaluate
reproducibility. *Biometrics* 45: 255 - 268.
<https://doi.org/10.2307/2532051>

Shieh, G. (2019). Assessing agreement between two methods of
quantitative measurements: Exact test procedure and sample size
calculation. *Statistics in Biopharmaceutical Research*, 1-8.
<https://doi.org/10.1080/19466315.2019.1677495>

Parker, R. A., Weir, C. J., Rubio, N., Rabinovich, R., Pinnock, H.,
Hanley, J., McLoughan, L., Drost, E.M., Mantoani, L.C., MacNee, W., &
McKinstry, B. (2016). Application of mixed effects limits of agreement
in the presence of multiple sources of variability: exemplar from the
comparison of several devices to measure respiratory rate in COPD
patients. Plos one, 11(12), e0168321.
<https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0168321>

Zou, G. Y. (2013). Confidence interval estimation for the Bland–Altman
limits of agreement with multiple observations per individual.
*Statistical methods in medical research*, 22(6), 630-642.
<https://doi.org/10.1177/0962280211402548>

Weir, J. P. (2005). Quantifying test-retest reliability using the
intraclass correlation coefficient and the SEM. *The Journal of Strength
& Conditioning Research*, 19(1),
231-240.<https://doi.org/10.1519/15184.1>

Lu, Meng-Jie, Zhong, Wei-Hua, Liu, Yu-Xiu, Miao, Hua-Zhang, Li,
Yong-Chang and Ji, Mu-Huo. “Sample Size for Assessing Agreement between
Two Methods of Measurement by Bland−Altman Method” *The International
Journal of Biostatistics*, vol. 12, no. 2, 2016.
<https://doi.org/10.1515/ijb-2015-0039>

King, TS and Chinchilli, VM. (2001). A generalized concordance
correlation coefficient for continuous and categorical data. *Statistics
in Medicine*, 20, 2131:2147.

King, TS; Chinchilli, VM; Carrasco, JL. (2007). A repeated measures
concordance correlation coefficient. *Statistics in Medicine*, 26,
3095:3113.

Carrasco, JL; Phillips, BR; Puig-Martinez, J; King, TS; Chinchilli, VM.
(2013). Estimation of the concordance correlation coefficient for
repeated measures using SAS and R. *Computer Methods and Programs in
Biomedicine*, 109, 293-304.
